Specify the floating point accuracy of the round() function (#951)
vesoft-inc/nebula-docs: docs-2.0/3.ngql-guide/6.functions-and-expressions/1.math.md

double abs(double x) | Returns the absolute value of the argument. |
double floor(double x) | Returns the largest integer value smaller than or equal to the argument. (Rounds down) |
double ceil(double x) | Returns the smallest integer greater than or equal to the argument. (Rounds up) |

> double round(double x, int y) | Returns the round value of x, y is the specified decimal place. If y is less than 0, round to the left of the decimal point. <br>Note the accuracy of floating point numbers in extreme cases. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
double round(double x, int y) | Returns the rounded value of x. y specifies the rounding index (position). If y is greater than 0, round at the yth position to the right of the decimal point. If y is less than 0, round at the yth position to the left of the decimal point. <br>Pay attention to the floating-point precision when using this function. |
```

> double round(double x, int y) | Returns the rounded value of x. y specifies the rounding index (position). If y is greater than 0, round at the yth position to the right of the decimal point. If y is less than 0, round at the yth position to the left of the decimal point. <br>Pay attention to the floating-point precision when using this function. |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
double round(double x, int y) | Returns the rounding value of x. y specifies the rounding index (position). If y is greater than 0, round at the yth position to the right of the decimal point. If y is less than 0, round at the yth position to the left of the decimal point. <br>Pay attention to the floating-point precision when using this function. |
```
